##About my Portfolio
This is my Portfolio that I am handing in as a part of my Artstict Research
module spring 2020 at the Danish School of Performing Arts. In this folder I
want to put in all the bits and pieces I have found out during the last four
weeks. All in all I hope to combine pieces of all my different experiments.

The first thing I will employ here is the quality of life improvement by adding
numbers to the files to help guide whoever is looking at this. If not It would
be sort of hard to get a good overview.

The second thing is figuring what sort of content to show. There will be
included some texts in here. This notes.txt that has been a major part in this
project trying to explain what sort of ideas I have. I will also include some of
the how-to's as well since the help guides will be usefull and arguable
completely necesary for understanding this project. Especially the
HOWTOREADIMAGES.txt.

The third thing is of course the images. I will build on one of the ideas I had
in the thoughts_on_open_source experiments. This is that each file should only
make one line of pixels in the image. But each images should be one row further
down than the previous. I do not think this is clearly illustrated in the
thoughts_on_open_source folder. This is also because it takes a lot of data to
fill a picture, and I have not prioritised to do that. With the portfolio I am
not tied up in the same way to include my stream of conciousness in regard to
open source. So I will fill the images by using content from my other
experiments as well. This means that my lines will include single letter images
as well as some of Shakespeare's sonnets. I will choose the letters and sonnets
based on the images they created that I liked the most.

I have also included the template and the original it is based on to show from
where this images has started.
